So Kali Linux is a Debian based Linux distribution aimed at advance penetration testing and security
auditing.
Collie contains several hundred tools which are geared towards various information security tasks such
as penetration testing, security research, computer forensics and reverse engineering.
Kali Linux is developer funded and maintained by Offensive Security, a leading information security
training company.
Now we're going to use Carly as the attacker system.
However, if you don't want to use Carly for whatever reason, you can download the tools that we use
and install them to your host machine.
So let's downloaded and install it is a virtual machine on our host system.
So I'm going to prepare the county VM directly from the virtual box image first.
The first step is to download the VM files.
Over the browser and simply Google the words Carly and download.
The first Web site is the official site of college, so click on it.
This is the download page of Carly.
These are the ISO files.
You can use them to install Carly as the main host or as a virtual machine in any virtualization platform.
Now these are the images that you can use to install.
With the latest release, Kali Linux announced that the images have been restructured and simplified.
So from now on, Kali Linux has new image styles, installer image, a live image and a network installer
image.
Installer image is recommended for users who want to use Kali Linux on their system.
No network connection is required.
You can choose desktop environments such as Access FC, KDE, Gnome and any other tools that you want
to install during your installation.
Now, the second one is a live image.
So it's used to run Cowley without installing it.
And the last one is a network install image, the smallest image, of course, download containing only
enough to install the base system that requires a network connection to install selected applications.
At the bottom of the collar image files table, there are ready to use.
Well, almost ready to use collee virtual machines.
So if you're going to use Colli as a virtual machine, you can use them instead of installing ISO files
from scratch.
Click this link under the Kelly Lennix Virtual Box tab to download the oveI file.
And the download has been completed.
So here you can just simply run the overlay file to run the VM.